[Music]
hey how's it going Dave 2d here so if
you're looking for a laptop for school
or college there's a lot of really good
inexpensive options and I'll probably do
a video on those shortly but if you have
a larger budget like twelve thirteen
hundred dollars you can get something
that's really really premium that'll
last you many years and with the new
surface products out right now I thought
I would do a video talking about what I
think are the best laptops for students
so we have the surface laptop the
fifth-generation surface pro the 13-inch
MacBook Pro the 12 inch MacBook the XPS
13 and I'll throw in a razor blade
stealth now this isn't an exhaustive
list but in terms of popularity general
availability and pricing those are my
picks now when you choose the laptop for
school there's a few things that kind of
come to my mind as being really
important and in just no particular
order build quality and portability are
some of the more important things you
want your laptop to be light but also to
last a long time and these all have
excellent build quality they're durable
enough to toss in and out of your bag
without too much worry and you can get
some inexpensive skins to cover them up
so you don't scratch the surface these
are from D brand another important thing
is the keyboard you want something that
you actually enjoy using and you feel
comfortable typing out now all of these
have great keyboards it's more about
preference some people will and some
people won't like the macbook butterfly
switches but in general you'll get
comfortable on any of these keyboards
the surface pro is a two-in-one device
with the removable keyboard so if you're
in a classroom that doesn't have a lot
of table space and you're often typing
your lap I probably skip this one and
just get a regular clamshell laptop the
other thing is that most of these don't
have dedicated page up or page down keys
you can do the same kind of thing with
function up and down but if you deal
with a lot of code or large documents
and you want dedicated keys the surface
products have them another thing that I
think is important for college students
is battery life your laptop just has to
have good battery life at least for a
lot of students because there is a lot
of really good devices out there that
have great performance and good value
but they just don't have good battery
life and for those devices I didn't
include them in the list because I don't
feel comfortable recommending a device
with a 5 hour battery life the ones here
all have full day battery so you don't
need to bring the charges with you some
of these laptops use use BC to charge so
you can share some chargers and there's
even battery packs that can charge
laptops over a USB see now
I'm not going to talk about performance
too much because truthfully you're not
buying these laptops are like blistering
gaming performance they do all feel
pretty similar in terms of how quick the
overall system is and gaming performance
is also going to be pretty mediocre but
anything with a Thunderbolt 3 port like
the Razer Blade stealth can connect to
an external GPU for playing games in
terms of pen input depending on the
person you are and the type of courses
you're taking you may or may not find
these useful personally I think they're
amazing you can use it for note-taking
annotating course materials drawing
whatever you want iPad pros also have
the Apple pencil but like I mentioned in
an earlier video the overall usability
of an iPad pro as your one and only
computer isn't great even in iOS 11 so I
don't recommend it as your only device
without a doubt the surface pros the
King 4 pen input the surface laptop can
do it as well but it's not as good
because it's got a wobbly screen you
kind of have to hold the screen while
you write I mean it's usable but the
surface pro was kind of built around the
whole idea of pen input now I've done
individual reviews for all of these and
I'll link them below if you want some
more information but just some quick
notes about them first the two Mac books
they're both expensive both have awesome
screens with great speakers my only real
issues with them are the USBC ports now
my stance on use PC has always been
pretty positive especially in 2017 I
don't mind Apple being as aggressive as
they have been in terms of pushing the
whole UPC thing but I don't think it's
the right choice for students because
all it takes just one time one time when
you need a USB a port on your device and
you just don't have an adapter that's
gonna suck but if you can afford a
MacBook can you think you can handle the
dongle student life
then go for it the new Razer Blade
stealth with a 30 inch screen is
actually one of my favorite ultra books
on the market right now it's really
expensive though at $1,400 the older
model with the 12 and a half inch screen
is $900 you're definitely getting better
value there but overall it's a really
good device and there's actually nothing
I'd really dislike about the razor blade
stealth really thick bezels and the
trackpad isn't great on the 12 and 1/2
inch version but it's solid device the
Dell XPS 13 is also really good the
design has been around for a few years
now so it's a little stale to me but
that's about it I mean I wish it had pen
input there's an XPS 13 - and one that
does have pen input but I don't really
like that device the regular XPS 13 is
boss and if you're on a tighter budget
you can always get the older versions
like
9350 for a pretty steep discount and
those still kick-ass
alright the surface laptop was supposed
to be built for students and visually
it's appealing with the cool colors and
stuff I do like the keyboard I like the
fantastic screen I don't like that the
screen wobbles when you're using the pen
the other thing I don't like is the
Alcantara material first students you're
often eating and drinking when you're
using your computer so it's gonna get
gross and lastly we have the surface pro
and I still think this is the best
all-around device for students it's
expensive especially once you add alike
the pens and the keyboard and stuff like
that and it's not the prettiest device
it looks ok but it's not like super
gorgeous like the surface laptop but
it's very versatile and a lot of the
feature set is geared towards students
in productivity now I wish it was
cheaper there's always the option of
getting the surface pro for the previous
generation that's a little bit cheaper
than this with really similar qualities
but yeah I mean any one of these devices
are good this is still my favorite
[Music]